DOC-1505 DOC-1633 - small CI backlog items (#2145)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/caching-ci-data/saving-cache.md

  end
```

## Caching with non-private ACL

> If your bucket's ACL is blank, set to `bucket-owner-full-control`, or set to some other value than `private`, you must add a [stage variable](/docs/platform/pipelines/add-a-stage/#option-stage-variables) called `PLUGIN_ACL` and set the value to the relevant ACL value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your bucket's ACL is blank, set the ACL to `bucket-owner-full-control`, or set it to a value other than `private`. In Harness, you must add a [stage variable](/docs/platform/pipelines/add-a-stage/#option-stage-variables) with the exact name `PLUGIN_ACL` and set its value to the relevant ACL value.
```

Reviewer: I don't understand how these are related. I assume we do some processing with the stage var? You might to let the user know as forcing them to walk thru sets w/o knowing why is confusing.

Author: I will add an explanation.
